Aviation Partners End User License Agreement

By installing and using this font product created by Aviation Partners (‘The Software’), you acknowledge that you have read and agree to be bound by the terms of this License Agreement.

1. The Software means the digital data provided by Aviation Partners to render letterforms and images on computer screens and video monitors, on receiving devices by digital and analogue broadcast, and through printers and other output devices.

2. This License Agreement is non-transferable and you may not give away, sell or redistribute The Software, except as provided for within the terms of this License Agreement.

3. You understand that you have purchased a license to use The Software, not The Software itself. The Software will remain the property of Aviation Partners.

4. You may create copies of The Software for back-up purposes.

5. Unless you have purchased a separate extended license, you may install and use The Software on no more than five computers at a single location and use The Software through printers or other output devices at the same location.

6. You may use The Software to create and publish any form of imagery or documentation, provided that the method of publication does not contain or embed The Software in such a way as to enable third parties to extract The Software in whole or in part.

7. You may provide a temporary copy of The Software to a printing service or a commercial bureau or a video editing service for the sole purpose of reproducing your own work on the condition that such copies are not used for any other purpose and are destroyed immediately after use. No rights of any other kind may be transferred to third parties.

8. You may not disassemble, decompile or modify The Software or incorporate The Software into another product.

9. The Software is provided without warranty of any kind and Aviation Partners may not be held liable to you, or any third party to whom you may temporarily provide The Software, for delay, damage or loss of any kind resulting from the installation or use of The Software. 

10. If The Software is proved to be defective, Aviation Partners may, at its discretion, either provide a repaired or replacement version of The Software, or refund the purchase price paid. In any circumstances, Aviation Partners’ liability shall not exceed the price paid for The Software.

11. This Agreement is governed by the laws of The United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland.

12. Failure to comply with any of these conditions will result in the termination of this Agreement, whereupon all copies of The Software in your possession must be destroyed. Aviation Partners reserves the right to take legal action against you for any infringement of this agreement.

13. Without prejudice to the foregoing, Aviation Partners has a policy of product improvement and welcomes comments on its products. Wherever possible, we will attempt to respond to comments by improving the appearance and performance of our products.